okay we just got inspected by NHRA
technical inspector for probably more
likely cheating usually the reason why
that would ever come up is because you
either ran a little quicker and you
normally do are quicker and faster than
the rest of the class and that's what
happen us and the right go hydraulics
alcohol clinic our team just had our
blowers inspected I don't really
appreciate it because you're out here
and you're working your butt off to go
fast and they come over and they want to
mess with you but that's part of drag
racing and dealing with technical
inspectors but he comes over and there's
two rotors in sight that blower and you
take a measurement off of it to see if
that we have a rotor that's not designed
for that blower itself there are ways to
manipulate the rules or cheat and that's
what they thought that we were doing it
didn't find anybody we don't cheat over
here we just work real hard that's just
one of the things that they check
another thing they come over and they
always mess with especially our team as
soon as we start to run good they come
over and I think we have nitromethane in
our tank so they come over with their
with all their testers and they test it
and they don't find nuttin and then they
come over they look at our computer
system in our field management system
they'll also come over and they'll pull
our cylinder heads off and they'll check
our bores they'll see it they'll measure
how far the piston goes down they'll
check the stroke to make sure that our
that our engine displacement our cubic
inches as you go faster and as you guys
will see the faster we go the more we'll
see those guys over here that's just
part of being successful as they is they
they like to mess with you